LW12-5: Blog vec2pg (#28673)
supabase/supabase: apps/www/_blog/2024-08-16-vec2pg.mdx

---

> title: 'vec2pg: CLI migrating from Pinecone/Qdrant to postgres'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'vec2pg: Migrate to pgvector from Pinecone and Qdrant'
```
